chore(icons): add a help icon svg partial (#7470)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/Button/examples/Button.md

### Plain with no padding
```hbs

> For when a plain/icon button is placed inline with text {{> button button--IsPlain=true button--HasNoPadding=true button--aria-label="More info" button--IsIcon=true button--icon-template='assets/images/icon-help'}}.

Reviewer: All this wants is the partial name, so you don't have to include the full path. Fun fact (if you didn't know) - our partials are registered with just the filename (eg, `{{> button }}`) and as the full-path (eg, `{{> components/Button/button }}`), which is why this works with the path. In case 2 partials have the same name and you want to use a specific one, you can use the full-path version.

```suggestion
For when a plain/icon button is placed inline with text {{> button button--IsPlain=true button--HasNoPadding=true button--aria-label="More info" button--IsIcon=true button--icon-template="icon-help"}}.
```
